
		To see the EULA change log 
.
	

		Please read this Agreement carefully.  It is a legal document that 
explains your rights and obligations related to your use of the UnrealÂ® 
Engine and related content.  By downloading or using this software or 
any related content, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of this 
Agreement.  If you do not or cannot agree to the terms of this 
Agreement, please do not download or use this software or any related 
content. 
	

		Certain words or phrases are defined to have certain meanings when 
used in this Agreement.  Those words and phrases are defined below in 
Section 24.
	

		If your primary residence (or primary place of business, if you are a 
legal entity like a corporation or an academic institution) is in the 
United States of America, your agreement is with Epic Games, Inc.  If it
 is not in the United States of America, your agreement is with Epic 
Games International S.Ã  r.l., acting through its Swiss branch. 
	

		If you are separately licensed by Epic under a Custom License, certain
 terms of this Agreement do not apply to your Custom Products.  Those 
terms are described below in Section 25.
	

		Epic grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable 
(except as described in this Agreement) license for a single User to 
use, reproduce, display, perform, and modify the Licensed Technology for
 any lawful purpose (the â
â).  However, the 
rights that Epic grants you under the License are subject to the terms 
of this Agreement, and you may only make use of the License if you 
comply with all applicable terms.
	

		The License becomes effective on the date you accept this Agreement or
 download the Engine Code or any Content.  The License does not grant 
you any title or ownership in the Licensed Technology. 
	

		You may only Distribute the Licensed Technology as follows:
	

		a.  
 - You may Distribute the 
Licensed Technology incorporated in object code format only as an 
inseparable part of a Product to end users who are subject to an end 
user license agreement which explicitly disclaims any representations, 
warranties, conditions, and liabilities related to the Licensed 
Technology.  The Product may not contain any Engine Tools or any 
Marketplace Content Distributed in uncooked source format.
	

		b.  
 - You may Distribute 
Engine Code (including as modified by you under the License) in Source 
Code or object code format, or any Content, to an Engine Licensee who 
has rights under its license to the same Version of the Engine Code or 
Content that you are Distributing.  
	

		Any public Distribution (i.e., intended for Engine Licensees 
generally) which includes Engine Tools must take place either through 
the Marketplace (
, for distributing a Productâs modding tool or editor to end users) or through a fork of Epicâs GitHub UnrealEngine Network (
, for distributing source code).

		You also may Distribute Content to an Engine Licensee who is your 
employee or your contractor regardless of whether they have rights under
 their license to the same Content, but only to permit that Engine 
Licensee to utilize that Content in good faith to develop a Product on 
your behalf for Distribution by you under the License, and not for the 
purpose of Content pooling or any other Distribution or sublicensing of 
Content that is not permitted under this Agreement.  Recipients of such a
 Distribution have a limited license to use, reproduce, display, 
perform, and modify that Content to develop your Product as outlined 
above, and for no other purpose.
	

		c.  
 - You may 
Distribute or sublicense Examples (including as modified by you under 
the License) in Source Code or object code format to any third party.  
However, the rights in this Section 1(c) do not expand or modify your 
limited Distribution and sublicensing rights for Engine Code and Content
 (including as modified by you under the License) that are not Examples.
	

		d.  
 -
 You may Distribute an integration of a programming language other than 
C++ for the Licensed Technology, but if you do, the integration must be 
Distributed free of charge, permit Distribution in a Product free of 
charge on all platforms, and be available in source code form 
(including, but not limited to, any compiler, linker, toolchain, or 
runtime) to all Engine Licensees.
	

		You are permitted to post snippets of Engine Code, up to 30 lines of 
code in length, online in public forums for the sole purpose of 
discussing the content of the snippet and not for the purpose of 
enabling non-Engine Licensees to use or modify any Engine Code, or to 
aggregate, recombine, or reconstruct any larger portion of the Engine 
Code.
	

		You may not sublicense the Licensed Technology in Source Code format. 
 You may not sublicense the Licensed Technology in object code format, 
or any Content, except to grant end users the ability to use, or to 
permit your publishers and distributors to market and Distribute, a 
Product that you Distribute as permitted in Section 1(a) above.  This 
paragraph does not limit your rights to Distribute and sublicense 
Examples.
	

		When you generate revenue from a Product or Distribute it to end users, you must provide Epic with advance notification at 
,
 as early as reasonably possible, including the name of the Product, the
 format of distribution, unique Product id (where applicable), and the 
distribution channel(s).
	

		For UE-Only Content, you may exercise your rights under the License 
only if and to the extent that the UE-Only Content is utilized in 
combination with the Engine Code.  For example, you may not develop or 
Distribute a Product that consists of or contains UE-Only Content but 
does not contain and require the Engine Code (including as modified by 
you under the License) for its use.  The UE-Only Content will be subject
 to all of the terms of this Agreement that apply to Content, as well as
 the additional limitations described in this paragraph.  All references
 in this paragraph to UE-Only Content include modified versions thereof 
made by you under the License.
	

		You may not combine, Distribute, or otherwise use the Licensed 
Technology with any code or other content which is covered by a license 
that would directly or indirectly require that all or part of the 
Licensed Technology be governed under any terms other than those of this
 Agreement (â
â).  Code or content
 under the following licenses, for example, are prohibited:  GNU General
 Public License (GPL), Lesser GPL (LGPL) (unless you are merely 
dynamically linking a shared library), or Creative Commons 
Attribution-ShareAlike License.  Code or content under the following 
licenses, for example, are allowed:  BSD License, MIT License, Microsoft
 Public License, or Apache License.  You may not sublicense the Licensed
 Technology under a Non-Compatible License.
	

		You may not engage in any activity with respect to the Licensed 
Technology, including as incorporated into a Product, (1) for any 
gambling-related activities or Products (as defined by law in the 
jurisdiction of use); (2) for operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft 
navigation, aircraft communication systems or air traffic control 
machines, or for military use in connection with live combat; (3) in 
violation of any applicable law or regulation; (4) in which the Licensed
 Technology is rented or leased; (5) that misappropriates any of Epicâs 
other products or services; (6) in support of a claim by you or any 
third party that the Licensed Technology infringes a patent.  You also 
may not sell or grant a security interest in the Licensed Technology.
	

		Epic grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable 
license, during the Unreal Tournament Project, for a single User to use,
 reproduce, and modify the Unreal Tournament Content for the sole 
purposes of creating Unreal Tournament Contributions for the Unreal 
Tournament Project and creating Unreal Tournament UGC (the â
â). 
 You may not Distribute or sublicense to any person other than Epic, or 
include in any product, any Unreal Tournament Content.  The Unreal 
Tournament License does not grant you any title, ownership rights, or 
other intellectual property rights in any Unreal Tournament Content.  
You agree to retain and reproduce in all copies of the Unreal Tournament
 Content the copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices and 
disclaimers of Epic as they appear in the Unreal Tournament Content.  
Upon the completion of the Unreal Tournament Project or termination of 
the Epic Licenses under Section 16, or upon earlier written notice from 
Epic if you materially breach the terms of the Unreal Tournament 
License, you must destroy all copies of the Unreal Tournament Content.  
All references in this paragraph to the Unreal Tournament Content 
include modified versions thereof made by you under the Unreal 
Tournament License.
	

		Any Distribution of Unreal Tournament UGC must take place through the 
Marketplace, Epicâs GitHub UnrealEngine Network, or other Epic services,
 unless such Distribution is solely for the purpose of legitimate 
development of such Unreal Tournament UGC, and then only to Engine 
Licensees, or legitimate testing of such Unreal Tournament UGC, and then
 only to Engine Licensees or individuals who have accepted the latest 
Unreal Tournament EULA.
	

		The Licensed Technology is licensed to you for use by a single User.  
The User may store the Licensed Technology on any of the Userâs 
computers, but the Licensed Technology cannot be shared with others 
(including any other employees or agents) except through a permitted 
Distribution as described above. 
	

		In order to access and download the Engine Code and Content, you must 
set up an Account.  You may not share or allow others to use your 
Account.  You are responsible for the security of your Account.  For 
questions regarding your Account, please go to unrealengine.com/contact.
	

		Under the License, the User may use the Licensed Technology for as 
long as you comply with this Agreement.  If you are a legal entity, 
references to âyouâ in this agreement also apply to the User in all 
cases.  You are responsible for the Userâs compliance with this 
Agreement. 
	

		If you are an Academic Institution, the limitation to use by a single 
User does not apply with respect to the Licensed Technology.  Instead, 
you may store the Licensed Technology on any of your computers, and you 
may allow all users of those computers to use the Licensed Technology 
(excluding any Marketplace Content) under the License.  However, those 
users are not authorized under your License to Distribute or sublicense 
the Licensed Technology (including as incorporated in a Product) unless 
they obtain a License of their own.
	

		During the term of your License, you will be entitled to access future
 Versions of the Engine Code and new Content that Epic chooses to make 
available to you.  Epic does not have any obligation to make new 
Versions of the Engine Code or new Content available.  Nor does Epic 
have any obligation to continue to make available for access or download
 any or all Versions of the Engine Code or Content.  However, any 
Versions of the Engine Code and Content that Epic has made available to 
you, and for which you have accepted any applicable amendment to this 
Agreement as described in Section 21, are considered part of the 
Licensed Technology and may be used under the License (as amended by 
that amendment).
	

		Epic may also make Marketplace Content available to you for a fee.  
Your License to Marketplace Content is subject to your payment of the 
associated fee.  When you pay the fee to obtain that Marketplace 
Content, you are purchasing from Epic the right to have your License 
include that Marketplace Content.  Regardless of any references Epic may
 make outside this Agreement to purchasing or selling Marketplace 
Content, Marketplace Content is licensed, not sold, to you under the 
License. 
	

		When you provide payment information to Epic or its authorized 
processor, you represent that you are an authorized user of the payment 
card, PIN, key, account, or other payment method specified by you, and 
you authorize Epic to charge such payment method for the full amount of 
the transaction.
	

		You agree to pay Epic a royalty equal to 5% of all worldwide gross 
revenue actually attributable to each Product, regardless of whether 
that revenue is received by you or any other person or legal entity, as 
follows:
	

		However, no royalty is owed on the following forms of revenue:
	

		The royalty is based on gross revenue from end users, regardless of 
whether you sell your Product to end users directly, self-publish via 
the App Store or any similar store, or work with a publisher.  The 
following simplified example illustrates the application of the royalty 
to gross sales:  if your Product earns $10 on the App Store, Apple may 
pay you $7 (having deducted 30% as a distribution fee), but your royalty
 to Epic would still be 5% of $10 (or $0.50).
	

		Royalties that you pay on an advance payment of revenue for a Product 
that is recoupable by the payer, such as a publisher, may be credited 
against future royalty payments that you incur under this Agreement for 
that Product.
	

		Within 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter in which a 
Product earns revenue outside of the above-listed royalty exclusions, 
you must pay to Epic the full amount of the royalty due for that quarter
 and send Epic a royalty report on a per Product basis.  Detailed 
information on royalty reporting and payment can be found at 
.
	

		The royalty will be payable under this Agreement with respect to each 
Product for as long as any Engine Code or Assets (including as modified 
by you under the License) incorporated in or used to make the Product 
are protected under copyright or other applicable intellectual property 
law.
	

		Epic reserves the right to charge a 2% late fee, per calendar quarter 
(compounding), for any amounts unpaid after the required due date.
	

		You are responsible for all taxes on all payments required to be made 
by you under this Agreement (other than taxes that Epic is obligated to 
pay on its income, which are Epicâs responsibility).  If you are 
required by a government agency to reduce your payment to Epic for any 
reason, you are required to provide sufficient documentation to Epic 
supporting the withholding.  For questions about withholding taxes or 
taxes in general, please go to 
.
	

		You agree to keep accurate books and records related to your 
development, manufacture, Distribution, and sale of Products and related
 revenue.  Epic may conduct reasonable audits of those books and 
records.  Audits will be conducted during business hours on reasonable 
prior notice to you.  Epic will bear the costs of audits unless the 
results show a shortfall in payments in excess of 5% during the period 
audited, in which case you will be responsible for the cost of the 
audit.
	

		Epic does not have any support obligations with respect to the 
Licensed Technology under this Agreement.  Support resources may be 
obtained at 
.
	

		If you provide Epic with any Feedback, Epic is free to use the 
Feedback however it chooses.  If you make any Contribution available to 
Epic, you hereby assign to Epic all right, title, and interest 
(including all copyright, patent, and other intellectual property 
rights) in that Contribution for all current and future methods and 
forms of exploitation in any country.  If any of those rights are not 
effectively assigned under applicable law, you hereby grant Epic a 
non-exclusive, fully-paid, irrevocable, transferable, sublicensable 
license to reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display, 
make, use, have made, sell, offer to sell, import, modify and make 
derivative works based on, and otherwise exploit that Contribution for 
all current and future methods and forms of exploitation in any 
country.  If any of those rights may not be assigned or licensed under 
applicable law (such as moral and other personal rights), you hereby 
waive and agree not to assert all of those rights.  However, you may 
continue to freely use any Feedback that you provide to Epic, and you 
may continue to use, in any manner consistent with the License, any 
Contribution (including Unreal Tournament Code Contributions) that you 
make available to Epic.  For Unreal Tournament Content Contributions, 
you may continue to use those Contributions only in a manner consistent 
with the Unreal Tournament License.
	

		You understand and agree that Epic is not required to make any use of 
any Feedback or Contribution that you provide.  You agree that if Epic 
makes use of your Feedback or Contribution, Epic is not required to 
credit or compensate you for your contribution.
	

		You represent and warrant that you have sufficient rights in any 
Feedback or Contribution that you provide to Epic to grant Epic and 
other affected parties the rights described above.  This includes but is
 not limited to intellectual property rights and other proprietary or 
personal rights.
	

		The Engine Code includes Third Party Software components.  If Third 
Party Software has separate software license or attribution 
requirements, the license terms or other attribution requirements for 
Third Party Software components can be found in the installation 
directory for each engine version (under the 
/Engine/Source/ThirdParty/Licenses sub-folder).  By entering into this 
Agreement and using Third Party Software, you are accepting the terms of
 those licenses.  In this case, the Third Party Software terms will 
govern your use of the Third Party Software, and if there is 
inconsistency, those terms will take precedence over the terms of the 
License for the Third Party Software.  You agree that the owners of the 
Third Party Software are intended third party beneficiaries to this 
Agreement in relation to your uses of Third Party Software. 
	

		Epic or its licensors own all title, ownership rights, and 
intellectual property rights in the Engine Code and Content.  You own 
all rights in the Products you develop under the License, other than the
 Engine Code and Content, Third Party Software, and any Contributions.  
All rights granted to you under this Agreement are granted by express 
license only and not by sale, and all of those rights are limited by the
 terms of this Agreement.  No license or other rights will be created 
hereunder by implication, estoppel, or otherwise.  Any attempted 
sublicense under this Agreement that is not consistent with the terms of
 this Agreement will be null and void.
	

		You agree to retain and reproduce in all copies of the Licensed 
Technology the copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices and 
disclaimers of Epic and third parties as they appear in the Engine Code 
and the Content. 
	

		You agree to place the following notices in the credits for any Product (replacing xxxx with the current year):
	

		â[Product name] uses the UnrealÂ® Engine.  UnrealÂ® is a trademark or 
registered trademark of Epic Games, Inc. in the United States of America
 and elsewhereâ
	

		âUnrealÂ® Engine, Copyright 1998 â xxxx, Epic Games, Inc.  All rights reserved.â
	

		No other license or right in the Epic Trademarks is granted under this
 Agreement.  All use of the Epic Trademarks will inure to the sole 
benefit of Epic.  You agree not to engage in any activity that could 
tarnish, dilute, or affect the validity or enforceability of the Epic 
Trademarks or cause consumer confusion or diminish any goodwill relating
 to any Epic Trademarks.  If you wish to make further use of the Epic 
Trademarks, please go to 
.
	

		Epic may use your trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos 
used with any Product, as well as publicly released screen shots and 
video content from the Product, in connection with Epicâs marketing, 
advertisement, and promotion of the UnrealÂ® Engine in any and all media 
without restriction.
	

		You acknowledge that, as a default setting, the Engine Code will 
collect and send to Epic anonymous hardware and usage data from end 
users of Products.  This functionality is used by Epic to improve the 
Engine Code.  You may modify the Engine Code under the License to turn 
off that functionality in your Product, or you may include in your 
Product the capability for your end users to turn off that functionality
 in the Product.
	

		You agree to indemnify, pay the defense costs of, and hold Epic, its 
licensors, its and their affiliates, and its and their employees, 
officers, directors, agents, contractors, and other representatives 
harmless from all claims, demands, actions, losses, liabilities, and 
expenses (including attorneysâ fees, costs, and expert witnessesâ fees) 
that arise from or in connection with (a) any claim that, if true, would
 constitute a breach by you of this Agreement (including, without 
limitation, any Distribution or sublicensing of the Licensed Technology 
in violation of this Agreement) or negligence by you, (b) any claim 
brought by any third party to whom you Distribute or sublicense the 
Licensed Technology in violation of this Agreement (including without 
limitation any claim that the Licensed Technology infringes a patent), 
(c) any claim that any Product or any other matter you created, or your 
exercise of the Epic Licenses, infringes any third partyâs intellectual 
property rights or other proprietary or personal rights (except to the 
extent of any claim that your authorized use of unmodified Engine Code 
or Content originally provided to you by Epic under this Agreement 
infringes any United States patent, trademark or copyright), or (d) any 
federal, state, or foreign civil or criminal actions related to any 
Product.  You agree to reimburse Epic on demand for any defense costs 
incurred by Epic and any payments made or loss suffered by Epic, whether
 in a court judgment or settlement, based on any matter covered by this 
Section 14.
	

		If you are prohibited by law from entering into the indemnification 
obligation above, then you assume, to the extent permitted by law, all 
liability for all claims, demands, actions, losses, liabilities, and 
expenses (including attorneysâ fees, costs and expert witnessesâ fees) 
that are the stated subject matter of the indemnification obligation 
above. 
	

		You agree to comply with all applicable federal and foreign laws, 
regulations, and rules, and complete any required undertakings.  You 
will obtain any necessary export license or other governmental 
approval prior to accessing, downloading, exporting, re-exporting, or 
releasing the Licensed Technology. You represent and warrant that you do
 not appear on any United States list of prohibited or restricted 
parties (including the Specially Designated Nationals List).
	
This Agreement will continue in effect unless terminated as described below. 
	
Epic may terminate the 
Agreement by providing written notice if you materially breach any 
provision of this Agreement and the breach is not curable or, if it is 
curable, you fail to cure the breach within thirty (30) days of notice 
of the breach from Epic.  Without limiting the foregoing, your failure 
to make any payment due under this Agreement or breach of any 
restriction under the Epic Licenses constitutes a material breach of 
this Agreement.
	
  The Agreement 
will terminate automatically as of the date you commence any claim that 
the Licensed Technology infringes a patent, or otherwise support any 
claim by a third party that the Licensed Technology infringes a patent.
	
Upon any termination, the
 Epic Licenses will automatically terminate, you may no longer exercise 
any of the rights granted to you by the Epic Licenses, and you must 
destroy all copies of the Licensed Technology in your possession and 
cease distributing any Products developed under this Agreement.  Within 
30 days of termination, unless otherwise agreed by Epic, you must 
destroy all Products in your inventory. 
	

		Sections 4-6, 8-10, 12-14, 16-18, and 22-26 will survive termination of this Agreement.
	

		You agree that this Agreement will be deemed to have been made and 
executed in the State of North Carolina, U.S.A., and any dispute will be
 resolved in accordance with the laws of North Carolina, excluding that 
body of law related to choice of laws, and of the United States of 
America.  Any action or proceeding brought to enforce the terms of this 
Agreement or to adjudicate any dispute must be brought in the Superior 
Court of Wake County, State of North Carolina or the United States 
District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina.  You agree to
 the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of these courts.  You waive any 
claim of inconvenient forum and any right to a jury trial.  The 
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not 
apply.  Any law or regulation which provides that the language of a 
contract shall be construed against the drafter will not apply to this 
Agreement.
	

		The Licensed Technology and related documentation are âCommercial 
Itemsâ (as defined at 48 C.F.R. Â§2.101), consisting of âCommercial 
Computer Softwareâ and âCommercial Computer Software Documentationâ (as 
used in 48 C.F.R. Â§12.212 or 48 C.F.R. Â§227.7202, as applicable).  The 
Licensed Technology is being licensed to U.S. Government end users only 
as Commercial Items and with only those rights as are granted to other 
licensees (other than Academic Institutions) under this Agreement.  
	

		You and Epic are independent contractors and are not the legal 
representative, agent, joint venturer, partner, or employee of the 
other.  Neither party has any right or authority to assume or create any
 obligations of any kind or to make any representation or warranty on 
behalf of the other party.
	

		Where this Agreement calls for notice from Epic, including written 
notice, Epic may provide notice to you at the email address that you 
provided when you registered for the License (or any updated email 
address you subsequently provide).  Epicâs notices to you will be 
effective when they are sent to that email address.
	

		You may not, without the prior written consent of Epic, assign, 
transfer, charge, or sub-contract all or any of your rights or 
obligations under this Agreement, and any attempt without that consent 
will be null and void.  You also may not transfer your Account.  Epic 
may at any time assign, transfer, charge, or sub-contract all or any of 
its rights or obligations under this Agreement.  For clarity, you are 
not prohibited by Epic from assigning or transferring your rights in 
your Product, other than the Engine Code, Assets, and Contributions.  
Third Party Software assignment and transfer is governed by the terms of
 the applicable licenses.
	

		As used in this Agreement, the following capitalized words have the following meanings: 
	

		â
â means any educational institution such as, but not limited to, a university, college, or high school, as well as libraries.
	

		â
â means a user account with a unique ID and 
associated password selected by you, which enables you to download the 
Engine Code and Content under the License.
	

		â
â means any code, artwork, or other content 
that Epic makes available to you for use with the Engine Code, other 
than any Unreal Tournament Content.  For clarity, Content includes but 
is not limited to Marketplace Content and UE-Only Content.
	

		â
â means any code, whether in Source Code
 format or object code format, or any other information or content, that
 you make available to Epic by any means (
, via submissions
 to forums, wiki, or Epicâs GitHub UnrealEngine Network, or through 
email or otherwise).  However, code, information, or content that you 
only make available to Epic as part of a Marketplace Submission at 

 does not constitute a Contribution.  In addition, mere use of code or 
content with the Licensed Technology, without making that code or 
content available to Epic, does not constitute a Contribution.
	

		â
â means any agreement signed by you 
and Epic at any time, other than this Agreement or any amendment to this
 Agreement, under which you are granted a license to use the UnrealÂ® 
Engine to develop one or more product(s).
	

		â
â means a product developed pursuant to a Custom License.
	

		â
â means to provide or otherwise make a copy available, or to make its functionality available on a network.
	

		â
â means the Source Code and object code 
of the UnrealÂ® Engine, including any future Versions, as made available 
to you by Epic under this Agreement, and any object code compiled from 
that Source Code.
	

		â
â means a third party who is separately licensed by Epic to use the Engine Code and Content.
	

		â
â means (a) editors and other tools 
included in the Engine Code; (b) any code and modules in either the 
Developer or Editor folders, including in object code format, whether 
statically or dynamically linked; and (c) other software that may be 
used to develop standalone products based on the Licensed Technology.
	

		â
â means, depending on the location of your primary residence or primary place of business:
	

		â
â means the License and the Unreal Tournament License.
	

		â
â means the trademarks, service 
marks, trade names and logos associated with Epic, Epicâs games and 
other intellectual property, and the UnrealÂ® Engine.
	

		â
â means the Engine Code and Content made 
available by Epic in the Samples and Templates folders in the install 
directory or in the Content Examples projects available through the 
Marketplace.
	

		â
â means any feedback or suggestions that you provide to Epic regarding the Licensed Technology or the Marketplace. 
	

		â
â means any or all of the Engine Code and the Content, including as modified by you under the License.
	

		â
â means the UnrealÂ® Engine digital 
marketplace or other UnrealÂ® Engine learning resource maintained by Epic
 or its affiliates, through which, among other things, Epic makes 
certain Content and Engine Code available for use under the License.
	

		â
â means Content made available to you through the Marketplace for an additional fee.
	

		â
â means any product developed under this 
Agreement that is made using the Licensed Technology or that combines 
the Licensed Technology with any other software or content, regardless 
of how much or little of the Licensed Technology is used. 
	

		â
â means the human readable form of a 
software program, including all modules it contains, plus any associated
 interface definition files, scripts used to control compilation, and 
installation of an executable (object code).
	

		â
â means third party software components included in the Engine Code.
	

		â
â means Marketplace Content that is designated in the Marketplace as usable only in conjunction with the Engine Code.  
	

		â
â means the proprietary computer 
software program known as the UnrealÂ® Engine and any updates or upgrades
 to the program made available by Epic.
	

		â
â means any 
Unreal Tournament Contribution that consists of code but does not 
include any Unreal Tournament Content (including as modified by you 
under the Unreal Tournament License) or other content.
	

		â
â means any code, artwork, 
or other content from, directly or indirectly, the GitHub UnrealEngine 
Network folder located at /UnrealTournament/Source or 
/UnrealTournament/Content/RestrictedAssets.
	

		â
â means any Unreal Tournament Contribution that includes information or content other than code.
	

		â
â means any 
Contribution that utilizes, incorporates, or is based on any Unreal 
Tournament Content (including as modified by you under the Unreal 
Tournament License). 
	

		â
â means the development 
project, established on May 8, 2014 and curated by Epic through the 
GitHub UnrealEngine Network, for the development of a new Unreal 
Tournament video game.
	

		â
â means original code, artwork,
 or other content that you create for use with the Unreal Tournament 
video game that is being developed in the Unreal Tournament Project. 
	

		â
â means an individual user who uses a valid 
Account to access the Engine Code, Content, and the Marketplace.  If you
 are an individual, âUserâ means you.  For legal entities, âUserâ means 
the individual employee or agent through whom you are exercising rights 
under this Agreement.
	

		â
â means any updated or upgraded version of the Engine Code or Content that Epic chooses to make available to the public.
	

		â
â â
â or â
â,
 whether or not capitalized in this Agreement, means you as an 
individual or the legal entity exercising rights under this Agreement 
through you.  For legal entities, âyou,â âyourâ and âyourselfâ include 
any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control 
with you, where âcontrolâ means the power, direct or indirect, to cause 
the direction or management of the entity in question, whether by 
contract or otherwise, or ownership of 50% or more of the outstanding 
shares or beneficial ownership of the entity in question.
	

		Custom Licenses are not modified or otherwise affected by this 
Agreement.  For Custom Products, the terms of your applicable Custom 
License will govern all matters (including royalties, notifications, 
Feedback, Contributions, trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, 
screen shots, and video content related to those Custom Products) 
related to your use of the code, artwork, and content that are licensed 
to you under that Custom License, instead of the terms of this 
Agreement. 
	

		You may exercise your rights in Marketplace Content under this License
 in connection with Custom Products that are developed and Distributed 
under your Custom License as if they were Products developed and 
Distributed under the License.  However, your exercise of those rights 
in connection with Custom Products is governed by and subject to the 
terms of this Agreement, including without limitation all obligations 
and limitations that apply to use of Marketplace Content in connection 
with Products, as well as all disclaimers, limitations of liability, and
 indemnification rights of Epic, whether related to Marketplace Content,
 Products, or otherwise.  Despite this, no royalty is owed under this 
Agreement on Custom Products, but royalties may be owed on Custom 
Products under the terms of a Custom License.
	

		As used in this Agreement, the defined term âProductâ does not include
 Custom Products, and except as described above, the terms of this 
Agreement applicable to Products do not apply to Custom Products.
	

		This Agreement and any document or information referred to in this 
Agreement constitute the entire agreement between you and Epic relating 
to the subject matter covered by this Agreement.  All other 
communications, proposals, and representations with respect to the 
subject matter covered by this Agreement are excluded. 
	

		The original of this Agreement is in English; any translations are 
provided for reference purposes only.  You waive any right you may have 
under the law of your country to have this Agreement written or 
construed in the language of any other country.
	

		This Agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other 
rights under the laws of your jurisdiction. This Agreement does not 
change your rights under the laws of your jurisdiction if the laws of 
your jurisdiction do not permit it to do so. Limitations and exclusions 
of warranties and remedies in this Agreement may not apply to you 
because your jurisdiction may not allow them in your particular 
circumstance.  In the event that certain provisions of this Agreement 
are not enforceable in your jurisdiction, those provisions shall be 
enforceable to the furthest extent possible under applicable law.
	

		Any act by Epic to exercise, or failure or delay in exercise of, any 
of its rights under this Agreement, at law or in equity will not be 
deemed a waiver of those or any other rights or remedies available in 
contract, at law or in equity.
	

		Unless otherwise stated in this Agreement, if any term of this 
Agreement is held by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be
 unenforceable, the term will be enforced to the maximum extent 
permissible and the remaining terms of this Agreement will remain in 
full force and effect.  You agree that this Agreement does not confer 
any rights or remedies on any person other than the parties to this 
Agreement, except as expressly stated.
	

		Epicâs obligations are subject to existing laws and legal process, and
 Epic may comply with law enforcement or regulatory requests or 
requirements despite any contrary term in this Agreement.
